{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red226\green229\blue232;\red36\green37\blue39;\red226\green229\blue232;
\red36\green37\blue39;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90980\c91765\c92941;\cssrgb\c18824\c19216\c20392;\cssrgb\c90980\c91765\c92941;
\cssrgb\c18824\c19216\c20392;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hotaru\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs56 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Hotaru (
\f2 \'cd\'77
\f1 ) is a song from the anime Hotarubi No Mori e (Lost in the Firefly Forest), performed by Maiko Fujita. The song has a tender, gentle, warm melody. It seemed that were Hotaru's words to Gin, her confidants, her feelings\'85 A sadness kept creeping through my mind. The image of Gin and Hotaru, the memories of those beautiful summers, the moment of parting, etc. It all pops up, glitters, but it's sad and this can also be considered a good Japanese song. best of all time for sad and skin tone\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs30 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 Kawaranai Mon\
One of the best Japanese songs of all time, this song brings back memories. The feelings I have forgotten now, just remember that it was beautiful, made my middle school life more colorful, not monotonous, harsh red, gray, dark in the fierce achievement battles fiercely competing with each other like there's no tomorrow, just to win the first and second prize. Even though I hated myself at that time, my heart was soft and easily moved, but I am still grateful for the innocent and carefree emotions of my youth that helped me better understand people, about my heart, and learn some useful things. useful to this day. Youth, despite its mistakes, is still a beautiful time.\
\
\'a0Lemon\cf8 \strokec8 \
\'93Lemon\'94 by Kenshi Yonezu is a song with heartbreaking lyrics. It tells the story of death and life, from the point of view of someone left behind, with those who have passed away. Kenshi Yonezu wrote this song for a drama. Initially, he intended to name it \'93Memories\'94, or \'93Memorial\'94. When his grandmother passed away, his outlook on death and life changed dramatically. From there, the name "Lemon" was born. The first part of the song shows the image of a person who has lost a loved one. That person always hopes that the pain is just a dream, shows the importance of that person in life, and brings back good memories they have. He sings the sour tune of the lemon, stinging his heart, before tears welling up in his eyes.\
\
\cf6 \strokec6 Uchiage hanabi\'a0\cf8 \strokec8 \
The video of the song (MV) "Uchiage Hanabi" written, composed, composed, produced and performed by singer-songwriter from Tokushima Prefecture - Kenshi Yonezu and performed with singer Daoko has reached 400 million views on Youtube on January 5. This is Kenshi Yonezu's second song to reach over 400 million views after the MV "Lemon". Kenshi composed "Uchiage Hanabi" as the theme song for the movie "Uchiage hanabi, shika kara miruka? Yoko kara miruka?\'94 (Fireworks, should I watch it from below or from the side?) directed by Akuyuki Shinbo. The film is based on the original drama and movie by director Shunji Iwai, premiered in 2017. With sad lyrics and melodies, containing a gentle summer love under the curtain. fireworks, the song has attracted a lot of support from listeners especially young people, and has become the typical hit song of 2017 becoming one of the best Japanese songs of all time.\
\
\cf6 \strokec6 Sakura anata ni deaete yokatta\cf8 \strokec8 \
akura Anata ni Deaete Yokatta is one of the best Japanese songs of all time and has been very familiar and popular with J-pop fans all over the world. With poignant and meaningful lyrics, it talks about the emotions of an incomplete love. The song, whose Vietnamese name is "Sakura, I'm so happy I met you", tells the story of a young couple who accidentally met while sheltering from the rain and there was a cherry blossom tree nearby. They then dated and fell in love, forming a happy family, and they gave birth to a daughter. It seemed that happiness would last, but an accident took the wife's life and then\'85\
\
\cf6 \strokec6 Sakura \'96 Ikimonogakari\cf8 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs56 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Sakura \'96 Ikimonogakari is the theme song of the hit anime movie 5cm/s. Under the performance of singer Kiyoe Yoshioka and meaningful lyrics, anyone who listens to it will feel moved. Sakura \'96 Ikimonogakari is considered the most sung song in Japanese Karaoke until 2020 and is also on the list of the best Japanese songs of all time. Ikimono Gakari's Sakura tells the story of a young couple and the person who died was a boy instead of a girl in Sakura Anata, but what's worth mentioning here is that Sakura's lyrics are extremely tragic, telling about the past as well. like the mood of a girl waiting to remember her son, whom she loves. And the common point of the two songs is about maturity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs30 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf8 \cb7 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \strokec6 Ato Hitotsu\cf8 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs56 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 The song talks about the busy life that has made me forget about my dream, forget what I really want to accomplish. Even though you don't know who I am, I cried when I met you - who showed me what strength is, what determination is, what is called trying. Many people will think I'm funny, maybe they will laugh behind my back but I want to succeed to tell people my failures. Thank you for showing me, thank you for your appearance, keep shining like that. Maybe people will remember you, know you with your glory, your perfection more, but somewhere there is still someone like me who always remembers the way you walked there with hundreds of thousands of falls!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs30 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf8 \cb7 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs56 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
}